## Learning from The Pragmatic Programmer
##### CHAPTER-1
###### Learning is a continuos and ongoing process. 
This book can help someone who is a lone developer or a member of a large project team to become a better programmer.
In the first chapter of the book it tells us about who is a `Pragmatic Programmer` and how to become one. It contains small interesting life stories which teaches us about a lot of things in general. It tells us about how to take a charge of our own career and don't be afraid to admit errors. It also talk about that we should be proud of our abilities but we must be honest about our shortcomings. Tha book later talks about `providing options rather than making lame execuses`. It emphasis on removing "it can't be done" with what can be done to solve the solution. Further it talks about `Software Rot` and how it effect the software engineer life. It also says to not live with broken windows and fix each one as soon as it is discovered. Later the book talk about famous `Stone Soup` story and how we can relate it in our work culture. It also shares about how people find it easier to join an ongoing process, and how the atittude of people changes when we show them the glimse of future. The book also emphasis on the importance of quality of code and involvment of users. 
Further the book talk about the importance of `Knowlege Portfolio` and how we can manage it. It compares the knowledge portfolio with financial portfolio. And talks about investing regulary in the knowledge portfolio. It also pens down the importance of setting goals for eg: to learn one language every year, reading a technical book, reading a non-technical book (don't forget the human side as computers are used by people), to stay updated and so on. Lastly in the first chapter it talks about the importantce of communication and to be a good listener. 
And ends with the famous quote : "It's both what you say and the way you say it". 
